---
title: "Update July 28, 2025"
date: "2025-07-28"
tags: ["update"]
---

## What have I been up to?

Whoops! I missed this month's update by a *long* shot, but I still want to get it out there before the end of the month.

This month was busy busy. I released [v0.6.0 of miracle-wm](https://github.com/miracle-wm-org/miracle-wm/releases/tag/v0.6.0) which adds a bunch of new features, go and check it out if you haven't already! I am nearly finished with the sway/i3 IPC support and have big plans to wrap that up before the middle of August. There really isn't much more to go on that front so I might as well close that chapter. On top of that, the more interesting features of miracle that I have planned (e.g. some built-in shell integrations) are motivating me to wrap up the boring parts first.

Aside from miracle, I've continued to land a bunch of things in Mir recently around accessibility. The magnifier work is finally done, so go check that out if you use that feature in your day-to-day! I also did a *ton of work* to fix screenshooting on rotated displays. We were ignoring [wl_surface::set_buffer_transform](https://wayland.app/protocols/wayland#wl_surface:request:set_buffer_transform) in a big way. Now that we're not doing that, your screenshots should look perfect every time!

Last but not least, the team has been making waves implementing multi-window in the Flutter toolkit. That's some really interesting and exciting work, so stay tuned for that if you're a Flutter developer!

That's all I got! I will make another post shortly, maybe once miracle v0.7.0 is out. Have a great rest of your summer/winter 🪐
