---
title: "Update May 06, 2025"
date: "2025-05-06"
tags: ["update"]
---

## What have I been up to?

I've been meaning to do these little blog-post type updates for a while, and I figured now is as good a time as any. So let's start :)

In the world of miracle-wm, I've been hard at work writing a new settings application for the compositor called [miracle-settings](https://github.com/miracle-wm-org/miracle-settings). While the application is written in Flutter, the logic behind the application is entirely implemented in `libmiracle-wm-config.so`, a new library that will ship with miracle as part of `v0.6.0`. If Flutter isn't your cup of tea, you should be able to implement your own settings app for miracle in the language/toolkit of your choice by simply binding to the C (or C++!) API.

I also implemented [wlr-output-management](https://wayland.app/protocols/wlr-output-management-unstable-v1) in miracle and changed how we do display configuration in a big way. The display configuration will now always be loaded from `$HOME/.config/miracle-wm/display.yaml`. Users should now be able to use apps like [wdisplays](https://github.com/artizirk/wdisplays) to change the output configuration at runtime, which is pretty cool!

On the Mir project, I've been working on accessibility features (e.g. magnification) in addition to exposing some facilities for compositor authors to write end-to-end tests for Mir-based compositors. These new testing facilities should help us write tests in miracle in a big way.

Also - my cat who ate a sewing needle last year has turned two! 🐱
